I'm holding one of the season's hottest
shoes Wow leopard print flats I've got
to have these things in your closet this
season one of them we got at some shisha
boutique for 600 bucks and the other is
a total steal for fifty dollars which is
which you decide we'll start with this
one there's a nice touch on this one
it's this black vinyl bow with depending
on what you're going for could be cool
and feminine or it could be cheap and
dominatrix plus you combine that with
the whole animal skin thing know how
much Barbara L you're going for in this
one second one we've obviously got some
more animal spotted going on this bow is
leather which gives it a nice feminine
touch but the seller on this one is this
bottom any girl who's doing a lot of
city walk in this is a good shoe
drumroll please
prada and what did we get here me too a
label like me to implies that you can
afford them right flat out on the other
hand 600 bucks what are you get in a
much nicer leopard print it's a little
better comb and they are sort of known
for these really clean pristine Italian
design however when I put these on I
fell into a spread eagle because they
are so slippery you cannot wear them on
carpet and now for the fifty dollars
shoe these are some city shoes groans
can wear these to the office you can
roam around town in them however you're
gonna look a little gnarly this thing
has got first thicken up all over the
place somebody ran out of the jungle
straight to the shoe store in these
things so if you're willing to give it a
little TLC this is the shoe for you and
come on girls who hasn't spent 50 bucks
having their leopard trim